fix(inputs.zfs): Gathering poolMetrics failed on zfs 2.2.0 (#14280)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/inputs/zfs/README.md

  - nunlinks (integer, count)
  - nunlinked (integer, count)

> For ZFS >= 2.2.x the format has changed significantly:
> 
> - zfs_pool
>   - writes (integer, count)
>   - nwritten (integer, bytes)
>   - reads (integer, count)
>   - nread (integer, bytes)
>   - nunlinks (integer, count)
>   - nunlinked (integer, count)
>   - zil_commit_count (integer, count)
>   - zil_commit_writer_count (integer, count)
>   - zil_itx_count (integer, count)
>   - zil_itx_indirect_count (integer, count)
>   - zil_itx_indirect_bytes (integer, bytes)
>   - zil_itx_copied_count (integer, count)
>   - zil_itx_copied_bytes (integer, bytes)
>   - zil_itx_needcopy_count (integer, count)
>   - zil_itx_needcopy_bytes (integer, bytes)
>   - zil_itx_metaslab_normal_count (integer, count)
>   - zil_itx_metaslab_normal_bytes (integer, bytes)
>   - zil_itx_metaslab_normal_write (integer, bytes)
>   - zil_itx_metaslab_normal_alloc (integer, bytes)
>   - zil_itx_metaslab_slog_count (integer, count)
>   - zil_itx_metaslab_slog_bytes (integer, bytes)
>   - zil_itx_metaslab_slog_write (integer, bytes)
>   - zil_itx_metaslab_slog_alloc (integer, bytes)
> 

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
For ZFS >= 2.2.x the following additional fields are available:

- additional fields for ZFS > 2.2.x
  - zil_commit_count (integer, count)
  - zil_commit_writer_count (integer, count)
  - zil_itx_count (integer, count)
  - zil_itx_indirect_count (integer, count)
  - zil_itx_indirect_bytes (integer, bytes)
  - zil_itx_copied_count (integer, count)
  - zil_itx_copied_bytes (integer, bytes)
  - zil_itx_needcopy_count (integer, count)
  - zil_itx_needcopy_bytes (integer, bytes)
  - zil_itx_metaslab_normal_count (integer, count)
  - zil_itx_metaslab_normal_bytes (integer, bytes)
  - zil_itx_metaslab_normal_write (integer, bytes)
  - zil_itx_metaslab_normal_alloc (integer, bytes)
  - zil_itx_metaslab_slog_count (integer, count)
  - zil_itx_metaslab_slog_bytes (integer, bytes)
  - zil_itx_metaslab_slog_write (integer, bytes)
  - zil_itx_metaslab_slog_alloc (integer, bytes)

```

### ZIL (Linux Only)

note: `zil` measurements in `kstatMetrics` are system-wide, in `poolMetrics`

> are pool-wide

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
they are pool-wide
```
